It's time to program with object oriented programming principles in mind.
And what are we going to do today?
I'm going to ask you to create a code that allows a person to perform operations on their bank account.
Don't be scared.
The instructions will be well defined so that you can do it quickly.
First, you are going to create a class called person and the person is going to have only two attributes.
First name and last name.
That's it.
Then you are going to create a second class called Customer.
This class will inherit from person because customers are persons.
So customer will inherit the attributes of a person, but it will also have its own attributes such
as account, number and balance.
For example, the bank account balance.
But that's not all.
The customer will also have three methods.
The first one is going to be one of the special methods, and it is going to be the one that allows
us to print our client.
When the code asked to print the client, this method will allow their data to be displayed, including
their account balance.
Then a method called deposit, which allows the user to decide how much money they want to add to their
account.
And finally, a method called withdraw, which allows the user to take money and deduct it from their
Once you have created these two classes, you have to create the code for your program to run.
Asking the user to choose whether they want to make a deposit or withdrawal.
The user can make as many transactions as they want until they decide to exit the program.
Therefore, our code has to keep track of how much money is in the balance.
And you must make sure that the customer never withdraws more money than they have.
Unfortunately, remember, now that you know how to create stable classes and objects that retain information,
you don't need to create functions that return the balance, since the client instance can constantly
know what its balance is.
This is a direct result of its ability to conduct conduct operations by calling directly to that attribute
and not to a separate variable to make your program work.
You can organise your code as you want.
There are many ways to do it, but my recommendation is that you basically create two functions one
that is in charge of creating the client, asking the user for all the necessary information, and returning
through a return.
A client object already created and another function that can be called START or something like that,
which is the function that organizes code execution.
First, it calls the create client function and then it is in charge of maintaining the user in a loop
that asks them all the time if they want to make a deposit withdrawal or exit the program and to show
them the balance every time they carry over a modification for this program not to become super long
or complex, I propose that this time we do not look at controls to see if the user inputs allowed options
or not.
If they have put numbers or not, if they have put upper or lower case, let's create the code.
Trusting that the user is always going to enter appropriate information.
If you prefer to include all those controls, that's fine.
We are going to dedicate ourselves to simply creating the hard code so that the explanation doesn't
become super long.
So are you ready?
We are start programming and have a lot of fun and we'll be waiting for you in the next lecture to show
you our solution.